"Route.—Just beyond the omnibus terminus, turn to the right up the approach-road to the railway station, and pass through the tunnel to a field-path running off on the up side. Or from the station pass under the linc to the same path. Follow this path till it runs out by a short lane into a transverse one. Cross this toa continu- ing path, and follow this to its outlet into a traffic road. There bear rightward, and go on half a mile to the second turning on the left (opposite some old alms-houses). Go up this to its leftward bend, and from the short lane on the right take the right-hand alley-path on to its termi- nation beside a large red-brick house in a traffic road. Go leftward up this road for nearly a mile and a half, to the fourth turning on the right, just beyond that indicated as leading to Finchley. Take this turning under a railway viaduct, and follow the road nearly a mile, to its second leftward bend, where go on straight by a wide green lane in front of you. Within half a mile, where this grassy track bends to the left, take from a field-gate in the angle a field-path, which follow till it runs out, to the left of & farm-house, into a by-road at Totteridge. Turning here to the left, follow the roadway to the right of the green; and, bearing round to the right, go down the hill to the highroad at Whetstone. There turn leftward for nearly a quarter of a mile, till you find on the right, between a black barn and an old gable-fronted house, a stile at the left-hand side of a gateway. Here go through to a field- path on the left, which take till it passes over the rail- way by a foot-bridge at Oakleigh Park station (G.N.). Beyond the railway, go past the swing-gate of one path on your right, and take the path running leftward. Fol- low this to its outlet into a road at East Barnet. There turning to the right, go on over the brook and a third of oy, a mile up the hill, till you reach on the left the swing- gate of a field-path. Take this to its outlet at a church, AN where turn leftward a quarter of a mile, and then again Ay leftward, through a small gate to the eastern corner of In Hadley Wood, the furthest part from High Barnet. ~"