"RoutE.—From Brondesbury station turn to the left, and go up the Edgware Road a quarter of a mile to the top of the acclivity, where two opposite lanes run off. Turn into the left-hand lane, which terminates within view at a field-gate. Just before reaching this, however, you will see a swing-gate on the right, whence take a field-path (affording a fine view towards Dollis Hill), and follow it to its outlet into & lane. Turn there to the left past the railway station, and into the main road at Willes- den Green. There bear to the right (yet avoiding new street turnings on that side), and go on a full quarter of a mile to the first turning on the left. Take this, and in two hundred yards turn to the right for a quarter of a mile, until you come to & leftward bend of the road. There take a field-path on the right, and from its outlet go forward by the winding lane, till within half a mile, bearing right- ward, you come to the Harrow Road. There still bear rightward until you reach the first turning on the left. Take this, but almost immediately turn to the right; when bear leftward with the road under one raillway, and over another and the canal. At the further side of the canal take the towing- path for five-eighths of a mile to the next bridge, whence continue your course by the roadway run- ning almost parallel to the canal on the left. Go on by this nearly a mile, passing Twyford Abbey Farm, and following the shady approach-road of the Abbey into a traffic road. There turn to the right about two hundred yards to a narrow rustic lane, which take for a third of a mile to its end at a field-gate, and go forward by a continuing field- path for a like distance. On emerging from this path into a lane-end, go straight on past a farm- house, and for five-eighths of a mile beyond, avoid- ing any leftward turning till your road terminates in a transverse one running right and left. There turn leftward (to Drayton Green), and in half a Brondesbury mile bear to the right, till in another quarter you come to a bit of green upon the right fenced off by posts and rails. Take a sharp turn to the right across this to a field-gate and a stile admitting to two field-paths. Follow the left-hand path through several fields (keeping to the left where it diverges), till you come out into a lane, in which turn leftward under the railway arch, and then rightward to the entrance of Hanwell station."