"Kingsbhury), and follow the road half a mile, until it has crossed the canal-feeder and the old channel of the River Brent. Two hundred yards up the hill beyond the Breut turn to the right between two farm-houses, and keep on siraight for a quarter of a mile, passing the lefiward 1urn (to Kingshury) and following the road indicated as “ No Thoroughfare”’ to the gateway of Kingsbury churchyard on the left. Pass through to the back of +he churchyard, and take thence a gravelled field-path for three-eighths of aile ‘0 irs outlet into a road. There go forward past a farm-house on the left, and a lane-end on the right with a cottage near its corner. Just to the left of the latter, you will observe the swing-gate of a coniinuing path, which take to its outler into a road. In this road bear to the right for a quarter of a mile to a transverse road, which cross to a lane on the opposi‘e side. Follow this lane (which soon becomes green and piciuresque) to its ouilet on aroad, and then turn leftward for some 250 yards fo a finzer-post at a road-junction. There you can either turn to the right by the road (1o Edgware), or et over the railings at the finver-post and the field-gate be- yond them to a public field-path. In either case you will come out upon the Edeware Road, where turn leftward through Red Hill, and thence follow the hizhway a mile into Edgware. Passing the rizh'-hand lane in which you will see the church, 2o on two hundred yards to another right-hand lane, with six posts at the corner of it. Take this lane, and almos. immediately bear leftward into a grassy lane, which follow for threc-quarters of a mile, until it makes a sharp hend to the left.  In the ancle to the rizhi, you will observe a long, rude s'ile, from which take a ficld path for three-qnarters of a mile to its outlet at Edewarebury. There, before passing any house, turn leftward through a ficld-gate into a green lane, and follow this for more than half a mile 10 the Elstree-Barnet road. To pass through Elstree villaze, turn leftward for nearly half a mile to the Red Lion tavern at the cross-roads, from which turn rizhtward to a swing-vate a liitle past the church, and take there a field-path leading into a road, with the sta‘ion half a mile to the right. But for the statiou direet, turn rightward from the green lane for"