"OurseT.—To Sudbury station by N.-W. R.: 3 cl. cldey from Euston, 8d. wy v R)UTE.—On quitting Sudbury station, turn to 3, the right over the railway, and either (1) go on a sixth of a mile to a road-turning on the left, which & take for about three-quarters of a mile to the crogs- X roads above Wembley; or (2), after crossing the railway, turn immediately to the left by the short street-road with white railings on its right-hand side, and at the end of this road go on by a railed- in path until you come to the swing-gate of a field- path on the right, which follow into a road, and turn rightward to Wembley cross-roads. Thence take the road indicated as leading to Kingsbury for nearly a mile to the railway, and for three-eighths of a mile beyond, till, at the further side of a small belt of wood on the left, you find a rude stile giving admittance to a commouly-used foot-track across several flelds. Take this track, if open, into a road (Salmon Street) ; otherwise keep to the road, and turn leftward to the same spot. Thence go on (to the left from the field-track) for half a mile up the road, till you reach a farm-house on the left, with a pond on the right. At the further side of this pond, turn rightward into a recess of the road, and from a white field-gate take the leftward of two field-paths. On emerging at & road (Church Lane) bear to the left about 150 yards, to a swing-gate on the right, whence take the leftward of two field- paths till you come into a green lane. Crossing this, take again the leftward of two field-paths into a road, where bear to the right to The Hyde. There turn to the left alittle way, until, opposite Y the King’s Arms tavern, and at the back of a bit of L roadside green on the right, you find the small gate nw/ista  of a gravelled path, which take to the other side of Judb:»;y the Silk Stream. There turn to the left by an un- gravelled path, till, from the next field, you emerge by a large white gate into a road Cross this a little leftward to & similar gate, from which take a field-path, and beyond the first field follow its rightward branch over the railway by a level crossing, till it issues into a road. There bear rightward past Hendon church, and from the bit of lane in the angle on the left take the right-hand alley-path straight on to its termination at a traffic road beside a large red-brick house. There turn to the left, and either take the second turning on the right (Tennington Grove), or go on beyond & large house to the swing-gate of a field-path. Either way, on reach- ing a transverse road, turn leftward to Finchley and its station. ReToRN.—By G. N. R.: 3 cl. to King’s Cross, 7d.; Broad St., 9d."