"RouTE.—Follow the directions for Route 4 until you pass from Pinner Park over the N.-W. Railway into a road-angle at Hatch End. There, however, instead of turning to the left past the Letchford Arms, go straight on into an adjacent road running right and left, which cross a little rightward to a small white gate beside a large one. Take thence a field-path (keeping to the right at the divergence) ¢ till you come out into a lane; where turn a little rightward for a continuing path entered by a stile, and follow this for half a mile into the main road at Harrow Weald. There turn to the left about two hundred yards to cross-roads, and take the right-hand road (to Stanmore and Edgware). Fol- low this road for five-eighths of a mile (avoiding & turning to the right, and one to the left, till again you come to cross-roads. There go straight on (as for Stanmore) for a short distance, till, just before passing a red-brick house, you find a swing-gate on the left admitting to a foot-path across the park- land of Bentley Priory. Take this path, and beyond the belt of wood follow its leftward branch, till yon come out into a road. There turn leftward a good quarter of a mile up the hill, to a right-hand turn- Ky ing between two walls. Take this past a turreted 2 lodge, and bear round to the left past two ponds on J{‘ 0}9,3’ that side and two diverging roads on the right, till ‘9 “ﬁ ‘ij you come to a point where your road branches into three (on Stanmore Common). Take the extreme right branch for some two hundred yards, till the 4 lane turns off to the left, when you will see before f you a large black gate, with a small one beside it admitting to two field-paths. Take the left-hand ﬁ' o path for more than a mile (avoiding a leftward di- '9‘9&‘ vergence on the way*), till you come out to a road, - where turn to the left a quarter of a mile to the a cross-roads at the centre of the village of Elstree, . NPMILSTA with the Red Lion hotel at the further right-hand Pumer corner. Thence go straight on past the new church on the right, till a little way down the declivity you reach a swing-gate on that side, from which take a gravelled field-path into a road at Boreham- wood, and turn to the right half a mile for the railway station."