"8 cl. from Euston, 9d. ,rzel RouTeE.—From Harrow station of the Met. R., i oagb turn leftward into the main road to Harrow Weald, ﬂ' and there again leftward, following the road about $> g mile till it passes over the N.-W. R. (to the right of the station) into Wealdstone. Or in emerging from the N.-W. R., cross by the station foot- bridge to the up side, and turn leftward from the booking- office door into Wealdstone. Go on through Weald- stone about a quarter of a mile, till, just as you are getting clear of the houses, you reach a field-gate (s on the right with the inscription over it, * Sayer, g Corn Merchant.” Pass through here to a combined cart-track and field-path running off diagonally to the left. Following this track through one field, bear then to the right by the diverging foot-path, till it runs out, to the right of some cottages, into a lane. There turn to the right, and on reaching the cross-roads go straight through, passing the Rose and Crown on the right, and the Duck in the Pond on the left, into a short lane, which, just beyond a row of cottages on the left, ends at a field-gate and stile. Thence take a field-path, and in some two hundred yards follow its leftward branch over Bel- mont, and on to a continuing alley-path which runs into a lane in front of a farm-house. Passing the latter, follow the lane straight on into a road, and there turn to the right for a quarter of a mile into Stanmore. At the church (or rather churches, for there is an ivy-clad ruined one which, though only some two centuries old, is worth inspection) follow the bend of the main road past the Crown hotel on the left, and on till you come to a left-hand road (the Edgware-Watford highway) with the Queen’s Head tavern at its corner. Turn up this road for Harrow- some three hundred yards, until you reach on your right, between two black board fences, a short bit of lane terminating at a field-gate with a stile beside it. From this stile take the leftward of two field-paths till it emerges into a lane, where turn to the left for a quarter of a mile up the hill. Bear then to the right away from one pond, and almost immediately to the left in passing another, until in some two hundred yards you reach a oorner of Stanmore Common, where the road branches into three. See Route 5 for further directions, observing the alternative way to Elstree indicated in the foot-note. Also, that at the Reservoir you may skirt the eastern bank, and take Route 4 to Borehamwood."