"Outser.—To Southall by G. W. R., or by Met. and do.: 3 cl. from Paddington, 104.; King’s Cross, 1134. Roure.—From Southsll station, turn to the right, and go straight for nearly half a mile to the centre of the town, on the Uxbridge Road. There turn to the right a little way, and find, just past the George and Dragon on your left, an alley with a post in its centre. Turn up this alley, which, just above the school-house, bends rightward into a lane. There keep to the left for a quarter of a mile, till you come to a right-hand turning. Take this, and at two hundred yards’ distance turn to the left for a quarter of a mile, till, just beyond a park gate inseribed “ Mount Pleasant,” you find on the right hand a stile admitting to a field-path. Take this path for three-quarters of a mile, till it issues by a short lane into a road, where turn to the right into Greenford. There, at the finger-post, take the left-hand road (to Sudbury and Harrow). Within three- quarters of a mile (after passing the school-house on the right, and the church on the left), you will find on your right, just beyond a roadside pool and a small stream, the stile of a field-path. Take this path for more than a mile, till you come out into a road at the foot of Horsenden Hill. There turn to the left, past the Ballot-box tavern, and go on a quarter of a mile to a foot-path on the right, entered by a latch-gate beside a large gate, and fenced in on its left side by iron railings. Follow this path until it runs into a green lane, and there take a path on the left; while further on, where the path divides, keep to the right, till you reach the Swan tavern in the Harrow Road. From the Swan turn leftward, but take the right-hand road (to Harrow Weald and Pinner). Follow this road for nearly a mile, avoiding one right and one left turning, till, just beyond the latter, and opposite a barn, you find a field-path, entered by a stile at the side of a field-gate. Take this path for about a mile and a quarter, to its ter- mination at a road-angle. Turning there to the left, go up the lane for three-quarters of a mile to the cross-roads. 'Take the right-hand turning into the hamlet of Kenton, aud, bearing to the right at the horse-pond, go on a little beyond the school-house, to where two opposite lanes run off. Turn up the left-hand lane, till you find, just past a cattle-shed on the left, a stile admitting to a field-path. Take this path through three fields, across a green lane, and then through eight more fields (more than two miles), till you reach a lane, which leads rightward into the main road at Edgware. Opposite is another lane, leading past the church to the Railway Tavern and G. N. station. RerurN—By G. N. R., 3 cl. to King’s Cross, 10d. ; to Broad Street, 114."